all righty ladies and gents I'm back
welcome to the third and final segment
for ask the King episode 82 for July 9
to 2020 if you haven't seen the first
two segments and you're watching this on
demand on YouTube go check them out on
the King a vlog they should be live
already if you're here live on stream
welcome back from the break no don't
worry we did not have an error OBS did
have an error but I fixed it it was
recording don't worry some people were
saying that okay the time has come for
the conclusion let us finish up with the
Twitter questions then we're gonna open
it up to live questions on the stream
chat but first let's do some shoutouts
to patrons that's right I still have a
patreon over at patreon.com forward
slash to our site fill where people
pledge every month and help me out I
appreciate everyone who does it's time
for our shoutouts on ask the King thank
you do the following ongoing patrons who
still support me
including storm force gamer the
resistance ryan gutter drums David
Denmark big tone 995 Ville ik's
Casey wood Michael Denny all qpz mwn
planet Jeff Sean given and Thomas
McDonald thank you all for the ongoing
support and remember if you pledge
twenty dollars or more to my patreon you
get your question answered for sure on
the show planning Jeff was the first
person to get a question answered
because of that please give it a look
patreon.com forward slash darkside
filled thanks for the support guys okay
let us now move on to the final slew of
questions so this question is from
Thomas and he asks the following he says
every move you make every word you say
every tiny thing that you do I'll be
watching you know he didn't say that he
says everything that you do is
constantly picked apart and scrutinized
to try and find some sort of conspiracy
or a deeper meaning hidden behind your
actions created you've admitted yourself
that you've had to at times not tell the
full story or just give little tidbits
why is it in your opinion that you have
such a massive following dedicated to
unraveling the real truth
when any other streamer youtuber can do
things to protect private parts of their
life and not suffer any backlash I
certainly think that I have a unique
situation the reason is is multifaceted
all right first of all I've been around
for a long time I was around 12 years
ago when YouTube was a completely
different place before live-streaming
was even prominent and my style of
content back then is very different than
Who I am today and what I put out today
and admittedly that style of content a
lot of people could eventually have
issue with over the years and we just
look at canceled culture now and now
everyone is looking back at things
people did 10 years ago and saying haha
we're bringing this up today you rushed
it under the rug but now we call it out
for me always being a public-facing
figure and a person that's always had a
lot of attention on him literally
everything I've ever done went under a
microscope okay and the thing is a lot
of the things from back in the day that
I did that were wrong I've openly
admitted over the years were wrong and
I've changed to not do that stuff
anymore
so even though cancel' culture might
like to look at me for something I did
10 years ago and say you made a joke
about Jews and Nazis
I've publicly apologized for that joke a
million times and made of how stupid
immature and dumb it was I would never
do anything like that again and I've
lived up to those words so I could
continue to be a better person in the
present day right so there you go um now
admittedly okay when you talk about me
and the stuff that I do there are people
literally watching this stream right now
live they are trying to take things out
of context they're trying to take things
away as I say things that are the things
that I way I look today and they're
trying to freeze-frame things to say he
looks bad here look how stupid he looks
here they're trying to take things that
I say out of context or twist them in a
way that I don't mean to make me look
bad they're literally every waking
moment trying to find a way to say do
and do something negative towards me
okay you might say how the [ __ ] did that
happen the thing is it's probably
different for a lot of different peoples
maybe some people just have a bug up
their butt about me for something that I
said I did over the years maybe it's one
of those things I did a million years
ago and they just can't let it go they
can't find it in their heart to forgive
me for the messed up stuff that I did in
the past and therefore they latch on to
me and harvoni
maybe there's people out there who are
part of a community of people who are
very very antisocial people who don't
have big productive vibrant positive
lives of their own instead they look for
an online community of people like
themselves to latch onto and have a
group think kind of a feeling so that
they feel that there's some kind of
worth or value to the things that they
say when you say something negative
about someone and ten other people
corroborate it all of a sudden you feel
like you're not alone and you have some
kind of a value right and I sadly I hate
to say it that's pretty much what's
happened with a lot of these people
whether it's someone who's a content
creator on YouTube who illegally
rebroadcast my stuff and now has a mob
of people constantly [ __ ] on me on a
daily basis following along with their
negative memes or the things that they
say about me or it's an entire forums
worth of people who for the greater part
of five to seven years have literally
micro analyzed every piece of my life
obsessed over it and literally just pile
on me with the most obsessive really
fucked-up compulsive [ __ ] over at Kiwi
farms all right
there's just giant groups of people who
for some reason have come together to
[ __ ] on me on the internet whether it's
for their own personal gain or whatever
it may be I have no idea okay I have
absolutely no idea you would have to go
to those places and ask those people
directly what is your reason for being
here and [ __ ] on Phil well I think
he's a horrible person because of this
thing that he did or that thing he does
or bumpin up at ah well you know and
then people will counter with something
well I don't think that that's the case
and you know everyone has a right to
their own opinion but I think you're
right at least in saying unlike most
other content creators I for some reason
literally can't ever get a break no one
can ever give me the benefit of the
doubt everyone always has to kind of
pull out something negative out of
something that I say or do you know I
mean I'll give you a perfect example we
were just really talking about this
whole Evo thing how evil has fallen
apart because mr. wizard was exposed as
a pedophile and had pedophilic actions
that he did back in the 90s so the
person who basically exposed mr. wizard
and came out with their own story is
someone who I personally know because I
used to have interactions with this
person on a daily basis back when I used
to be a major part of IRC chat
on the internet around streetfighter in
the 90s in the early 2000s I know the
guy he's credible he used to go to
Sunnyvale golf Li an arcade where mr.
wizard used to work and he's never come
out and talked about these stories like
this in detail before and when he
finally did I basically went on to
Twitter and I said you know wow you know
number one good on you for coming out
with that story
but another thing that this person had
said in their public story was you know
we were all pieces of [ __ ] back then we
all did really immature things we did
[ __ ] up things and in particular he
was like man I hope that people will
take my story seriously because I used
to be a really bad IRC troll used to be
one of the people who come out and troll
streetfighter players and do negative
things to them and he's like despite
that fact I hope people will take my
story seriously
so my tweet to this guy was hey man we
were all pieces of [ __ ] back in the day
I was just as much of a troll as you
were but I'm really happy that you came
out with your story and I'm sorry these
things happen to you I'm glad that you
you you exposed what's going on to the
world people literally took that tweet
okay literally took that tweet and said
Phil is defending a pedophile
what what are you talking about Phil is
defending a pedophile with my tweet to
this guy backing him up and standing out
and saying don't worry about who you
were in the past we will believe you in
the present thanks for coming out I'm
defending a pedophile with my tweet to
this guy why because they said oh well
Phil was talking about mr. wizard when
he says that we were all pieces of [ __ ]
back in the day and he's saying don't
worry about that you know we all do
things we regret so mr. wizard should be
forgiven I never said that at all I'm
not even talking about mr. wizard I'm
talking to the person who I know from
IRC about our own personal experiences
of being trolls back in the day and how
we've changed for the better in the
present but people literally took the
tweet and said it meant something else
but it didn't to make me look bad this
is what these idiots do they are nuts
they are [ __ ] nuts okay the that I
can't believe whatever people tell me
you have to check out something over on
Kiwi farms because people are saying
really [ __ ] up stuff about you and
your family and they're threatening you
and you need to check it out for your
own safety and I go over there I can't
believe can't believe
the [ __ ] that I see over there it's in
its it's like you look at that you're
like what normal human would do this
like you use I'm sure you guys have
heard about the video down the rabbit
hole alright you want to say my life is
a rabbit hole no no no no no no QE Farms
is the rabbit hole because when you go
there and you start reading the [ __ ]
that's over there it's like what [ __ ] is
going on with these people these people
are not normal they're not normal
these people are you don't have normal
thought processes you know the normal
person wants to come okay what's the
Phills latest antics let me laugh at it
for five minutes
they don't look at I'll you okay I'm
gonna give you an example just one
example then we're gonna move on because
I can't I can't I can't go down that
rabbit hole that anything over there is
infinitely worse than anything that I've
ever said and done in a video or a
stream it's so nuts the [ __ ] that goes
on over there right now okay
stuff is going good for me okay as you
guys know recently I've talked about
this things are going pretty good for me
behind the scenes and everything the
streams are going positively
everything's going good
those people are losing their [ __ ] so
badly on a daily basis they can't stand
it so instead of having anything to talk
about
they literally make [ __ ] up someone
actually told me last night that you've
sent me a link I said you've got to
check this out they said you know how
all the memes and [ __ ] that we're about
you were negative for a while about um
your bankruptcy and then it was about
stupid don't you dummy mobile games and
[ __ ] he's like you've got to see what
they're talking about now as I can't
wait I clicked on it they're making fun
of me for the video that I made like six
years ago making pasta sauce
the one time I documented myself making
pasta sauce okay and one of my vlogs I
did a series of videos this is how I
make my pasta sauce they're literally
micro there's nothing going on now so
what do they do they micro analyze
videos from five to six years ago to try
to find something to make fun of me so I
was reading this and it's like did you
see the amount of sugar he put in his
sauce can you believe he put that sugar
like what Italian would put that amount
of sugar in their pasta sauce now what's
hilarious about this situation is back
then when we're talking five six years
ago I had moved out here to Washington
it was the very first time I was
actually making my own pot of Italian
sauce and I was using my mother's recipe
to make this pot of sauce my mother's
recipe is very much estimation she's
even told me she's like I put
measurements in the recipe but they're
not right she's like i eyeball it and
i've adjusted over the years to make the
sauce taste good for my own liking
so chances are when you make your own
pasta sauce you want to adjust it on the
fly you can use this as a guideline the
first time or second time you do it but
you're gonna want to do it to your own
liking so the first time i made my
family recipe pasta sauce i think it
said like a cup of sugar put that in the
sauce right so I did and the first time
I cased it I was like that sauce is too
sweet so every single time I've made the
pasta sauce since then I reduced the
sugar I reduced the shirt at this point
I don't even put in a third of a cup of
sugar when I make my pasta sauce I put
in just enough to give it a tiny bit of
a little additional sweetness to maybe
you know edge off the acidity and that's
it that's one of the major adjustments I
made also there's all these other things
I've done to the sauce I would make it
more spicy now and everything but I
haven't done a new video of me making
pasta sauce in like five to six years so
things are so not toxic and bad on my
streams these days these people are so
obsessive-compulsive about me we have to
go back to Phil's history five six years
ago and pull out the fact that he put
sugar in his pasta sauce and make fun of
him for three per forum pages about this
this is the this is what I mean that's
what when doing Thomas is adjusting you
don't even know the level of rabbit hole
these people are in when they do this
crazy [ __ ] and that's what I mean like
people think a lot of the times that I'm
like exaggerating or I'm making stuff up
no these people are [ __ ] these people
try to get as much possible information
about myself and my family members as
they can that has nothing to do with me
or anything on the content of my stream
zero to do with the content on my
streams but let's try to expose as much
as possible and make fun and feel for it
and be disgustingly toxic about it
they are messed up in the hey you would
not be a normal person with a happy
robust healthy life and go to somewhere
like that and behave like those people
do not one of those people is normal
okay and that's bad because that's a
self propagating community of people who
are but are there you're encouraging
that kind of disgusting and toxic
behavior and that's not good that's like
you're creating a community of people
who think it's ok to overstep the
boundaries of normal human behavior and
it's fine they've actually they got no
moral conscience anymore they think that
they can just literally say and do
whatever they want and get away with it
cuz they're on a protected forum
somewhere it's gross it's [ __ ] up it's
disgusting to the level of absurdity ok
it's not normal mental health it's not
um and it's scary because even though
you might say well nothing on there so
bad is that kind of behavior just pushes
other people to take the next step and
take the next step and take the next
step and how long is it gonna be until
they think that it's okay to start doing
things advancing in real life and [ __ ]
which is - not everyone knows no content
creators you leave them the [ __ ] alone
you may think through the worst content
creator on the planet you don't [ __ ]
try to [ __ ] with them in real life but
that's the level of insanity over there
that's someone years ago what was last
year they were actually making jokes
yeah real jokes about how they could
break into my private community and
break into my house when I'm not here
because I was visiting my parents in
Connecticut in ways that they could get
away with it and they were even writing
out plans on how to do it alright and
that's the really that was the first
time I ever was alerted you need to go
check out QB farms because there's
people literally making plans to break
into your house and you need to alert
the
which I did I showed it all to the
police and they're well aware of QE
Farms and its presents so if anything
ever happens to me or my wife or my
family the first [ __ ] place they're
ever gonna go is Kiwi farms and find
those [ __ ] because they
publicly post all of it like the
mentally ill idiots they are ok um but
yeah like it's crazy what people do and
it's just gonna take one person to not
understand that that's the line of
online stuff and just speculation and
not actually taking it to the realm of
reality and doing those fucked-up things
those people talk about it's gonna take
one person to lose their mind to do it
that's gonna basically put me and my
life and my family's life at risk and it
ain't gay I'm telling ya it's not gonna
go well because already everyone's
already been notified everything's
always protected you know what I mean
like everyone's well aware of the
situation going on over there so anyway
it's [ __ ] up but yet why did this
happen to me and not other content
creators I could not I could not tell
you because here's the thing - he
reforms is not just me it's a bunch of
other people under there too and just
once I casually started viewing the
other people that are under there and
it's no one else like me they don't have
wings of redemption there they don't
have LTG you know other streamers who
are compared to me regularly are not on
there and are not just you know
dissected and [ __ ] obsessively
compulsively obsessed over like I am I
don't know why I don't know why it's me
you would have to ask those people why
they think I'm somehow worthy of that
amount of wasted time of their lives
because I can't answer that I'm a sane
individual like you I can't answer those
kind of questions okay alright
continuing on Devante asked would you be
willing to return the games that you
quit in the past especially before
streaming whether it's due to false
copyright claims like Splinter Cell
Conviction or you lost patience at the
time I personally would've been curious
to see if you ever would have finished
Crysis 3 if you had a stream chat to
help you out yeah like there were games
back in the day that I just said [ __ ]
this and I quit for various reasons
Splinter Cell Conviction is because
false copyright strikes claiming they
were to be soft and they were shutting
me down which they weren't but I had no
desire to go back to the game after I
got the copyright Stryker it up um
Crysis 3 I just hated the [ __ ]
game I really thought it was terrible
but if stream chat was there to say oh
here's how you do this easily or that
maybe I would have persisted and beating
um but I'm sure there's people out there
who catalogue the stuff that I've done
and if you guys ever wanted to see me go
back and finish unfinished business I'd
be willing to do so I'm sure you know
I'm doing a viewers Choice event right
now where that could be a good candidate
of a game that people nominate or maybe
I could do a special event in the future
people were interested if I hit a sub
goal I'll do a marathon checking out
games that I in rage quit in the past or
something like that okay okay um RBG fan
series that QE farms is the neckbeards
lair I don't even really know what a
neckbeard is so I can't even answer
there um let's see vim Pyrrhus asks the
best fighting game of this generation
and why honestly like if you're talking
sheer amount of content and fun factor
overall probably the Mortal Kombat
franchise or the injustice franchise
because no the realm treats their games
like a full package for another run when
they make a fighting game it's about the
story the supplemental content as well
as the competitive nature of the game so
you're gonna get fun storylines plus
you're gonna get optional modes but
you'll also get online gameplay like you
get with everything else if you're
talking quality of the gameplay probably
Tekken was a Tekken 7 or tuck an 8
whatever the last Tekken was was
probably the highest up there when it
came to technical level of gameplay I
feel um I actually really like Dragon
Ball fighters it just wasn't my style of
game once it came to the meta and the
high level gameplay of a constant
constant rush down rush down rush down I
kind of didn't like it anymore um but I
liked that the fact that it was
basically true to the the actual
original source material of anime that
when you play the game it feels like
you're actually playing those fighters
fighting each other um
so technical Tekken 7 alright fun factor
either the Mortal Kombat or injustice
franchise okay there you go Jonathan
asked how did you go about training
Jasper to use the litter box when you
got him I'm suturing getting a cap but I
don't want it peeing everywhere first of
all we didn't get him as a kitten
we got him as a two-year-old we think
we don't even know his real age but two
year old cat we rescued him from a
shelter
he was already trained but cats in
general uh learn that stuff much more
quickly than dog dogs kind of need
training to know where to go we go
outside to go cats
we dig gravitate towards the litter box
that has cat litter in it they just kind
of know to do it they know to go in
there and bury their stuff that's their
instinct so it's actually very easy
least bod asks it seems like people
outside of Halo and Gears of people let
me try this again it seems like outside
of Halo and Gears of War Xbox doesn't
have many exclusives to draw people in
like they do for like PlayStation does
basically what franchise would they
resurrect or claim they could draw more
people to the series acts I mean we
already have an idea because supposedly
it's been discovered that they just
renewed the trey mark for the fable
franchise so it's speculated they're
gonna make a new fable game where
they're making a new fable game but
outside of that I don't know like there
aren't a lot of great franchises out
there that are under the Microsoft
umbrella a lot of the ones that they
were touting we're gonna be great like
state of decay oh oh sea of thieves
they're duds so you know I think it's
gonna be more about bringing in new
stuff like having these Studios develop
brand new IPs that are good rather than
oh what's an existing Microsoft I P that
should be brought back honestly I can't
really think of many like someone just a
perfect dart bring you back Perfect Dark
it's not gonna put butts in seats it's
not gonna sell consoles you know it's
it's not um they need to focus in on new
stuff in my opinion so oh let's see here
golden Colt says do you believe canceled
culture is moral and just the way things
are going in the country you could be
hounded for having potentially any
believes that differ from the mainstream
worldview and the moment you defend
yourself you can be silenced and fired
from your job at cetera um kids'll
culture is a slippery slope I've already
talked about this before canceled
culture originally started off a couple
years ago as a way to expose people who
previously were completely immune to
this kind of stuff like the me2 moving
and everything you know let's take a
look take a look at ah what's his name
Weinstein Harvey Weinstein
and uh you know other people like
Epstein and all these people who were
doing these really disgusting things
behind the scenes for so long getting
away with it but then it extends into
the realm of the normal person it
extends into the realm of a celebrity
who may me is completely blindsided by
the fact that someone maybe felt that
the that they were abused or they were
taking advantage of when they don't we
just recently talked about the angry Joe
scenario where apparently Joe went to a
convention and spent a lot of time with
some girl who never told him she had a
boyfriend so he was under the impression
she liked him and he was trying to
impress her and then come to find out at
the end she had a boyfriend and she
pushed it as if she felt like she was
just trying to hang out with a cool
content creator but he tried to take
advantage of her while at the flipside
of that if you look from Joe's
perspective there's really not much to
go on there besides she lied to him a
lot or told half-truths
to basically get into events and stuff
so you know what I mean like and so I
mean like it goes both ways like the the
canceled culture and the me2 movement is
great because it has exposed people who
previously were completely immune to
this kind of stuff mr. wizard got it was
guilty of this for 20 years
and only now the truth comes out but at
the same time you got to be careful
because what happens when it goes too
far or when it goes to stuff that you
know it like right now people are
bringing up Jimmy Kimmel and saying
Jimmy Kimmel should be cancelled because
he did blackface on his man show he
played a character call Malone it was a
basketball player he wore full body
makeup to look like car Malone making
him look like an African American and
saying he should be canceled for that
which he did in the early 2000s and it's
like that shit's been out there for a
million years the man show was popular
you could buy the [ __ ] show on DVD or
on-demand and watch it to this day now
we decide it's culturally wrong to do
blackface now we cancel him 20 years
later like huh how does that [ __ ]
work you know um so it is it's a it's a
double-edged sword
and it's a slippery slope because how
far is too far when you you look at
canceled culture you know and I don't
think I'm the person here to give you
the answers certainly I think if
someone's been systematically be doing
things wrong for years and years and
years and years and it's not changed for
the better
and is not improved and it somehow got
to positions of power because they've
been doing these fucked-up things for
years and years
that's when canceled culture or the me
to me or all this can actually be
effective but calling someone out for an
action twenty years ago something that
they have not and not repeated they've
changed like if you look at Jimmy Kimmel
from the year 2000 and Jimmy Kimmel in
the year 2020 he's a completely
different human being he's changed his
opinions on things his political stances
he's a different guy how can you then
say away I'm sure he knows now that what
he did 20 years ago was [ __ ] up and
wrong but why does your gonna make him
suffer for now you know what I mean like
same thing with me everyone always
brings back the Nazi jokes that I made
10 years ago like I'm sorry I did I
really am I know those jokes might have
been harmful I know those jokes were
[ __ ] wrong and I paid the price
getting kicked off a blip TV for them
and I changed for the better and never
did that kind of comedy ever again so
how could you cancel me in 2020 for that
when I've actively improved change and
showed that I'm a different person now
see it doesn't make you [ __ ] sense so
I would say overall cancel culture can
have positive benefits but just like
everything else it's got to be held in
moderation and you can't just use it to
cancel anyone who's ever done anything
that could ever be viewed offensive in
any frame of reference that's ludicrous
okay um
Sega Genesis 101 asks is giving your
long history in the gaming community do
you fear twitches rules are too strict
do you see this being a hindrance as a
platform to conform with modern PC
standards no when I first started on
twitch all none of that stuff applied
when I came back to twitch I had a
little bit of issue because I ran in
with a couple of things like for example
there was someone who insulted me okay
on a stream chat and I insulted them
back and then insulted their physical
appearance and that's against witches
rules and I got the hand slapped for it
alright I want a one stream I was
inebriated and I said a word I should
not have said and I got my hand slapped
for it behind the scenes a lot people
don't even know that but I did I got my
hand slapped for doing that behind the
scenes they all assumed I got away with
it I didn't I got into a little bit of
trouble for it oh because I did Dan I
shouldn't have done it
okay I got suspended a couple times on
Twitch
but in general in general I adapted my
content and I change as a person and I
said I'm not gonna do those things
anymore I'm not gonna take the lowest
comment at the lowest point like alright
if you're an [ __ ] to me in stream
chat go [ __ ] yourself [ __ ] and you
get moderated not go [ __ ] yourself
[ __ ] not only click on your profile
make fun of how you look and dig deep
you know what I mean like in the truth
is to be a good content creator you have
to learn that you have to take you take
something on the chin okay [ __ ] it brush
it off move on don't harp on it all day
don't get butthurt by every little
insult you know and I've become better
as a content creator abiding by those
twits rules I'm sorry but I don't see
anything so horrendously bad in the
twitch rules now some people will argue
twitch isn't fair with the way they
enforce the rules as some people get
away with constantly breaking the rules
while others don't okay if that's the
case fine I feel like that doesn't
really affect me I don't break the rules
so now bringing the switch rules and
putting out the kind of content that I
like I'm okay with you know what I mean
like I don't have an issue with with
twitches rule set anymore well I never
did really it's just I you adjust to it
um so you know and here's the thing so
we just said you make fun of how ninja
and doctor disrespect look that's wrong
that's absolutely wrong what I do is I
criticize the strategy that uses a
content creator to attract a younger
audience which I feel is immoral
actually having justification for what
you do in a very rational way is
different than just off-the-cuff
insulting someone for the sake of
insulting them when I say I think ninja
dies his hair and kind of looks like a
cartoon character to attract kids
alright that's a criticism of his
content creation That's not me insulting
his actual looks right there's a
difference and you have to understand
the difference there but that's what I
mean the fact that I can actually
criticize people fairly on Twitch I'm
okay with that
you know I'm okay with that I don't you
know no I can't outright just insult
someone blatantly and oh yeah about that
but I'm okay with that too
I don't think that there's anything
that's so restrictive here on Twitch
that I wouldn't want to be a content
creator here that's why I feel when
ninja came on set on leaving twitch to
go to mixer because I find that twitch
is too restrictive but then behind the
scenes you found out he got paid a
ridiculous amount of money to move the
mixer he was basically lying through his
teeth to try to have a justification for
moving see you got to kind of take that
with a grain of salt and understand that
it's [ __ ] right I don't have any
reason to ever leave twitch I like being
here um Ryan asks I read PlayStation
would someday have backwards
compatibility for old games over the
cloud kind of like PS now do you think
cloud-based gaming is the future do you
think having the physical hardware will
always be the gold standard at one point
maybe you would feel to having the
physical hardware was the gold standard
because at one point you could just pop
a game into your console and play it no
matter what
and so people argued that's much better
than having an online-only component of
a digital game that you have to have
online connectivity to play but in the
modern era you can't even play a video
game when you own the physical disk
anymore you have to pop it into your
console has to install it has to do day
one updates if you don't have an
internet connection the game won't play
so it doesn't even matter if you buy the
physical game anymore there's no
difference between get it digitally or
getting it physically anymore there's
just none um what I would say is
cloud-based gaming could definitely work
but as we just saw with Google stadia it
can't work yet we need to have better
internet as a common denominator of just
citizens you know right now in the
United States of America you could have
a fiber optic connection which is the
best of the best you could have a very
high speed cable modem like I have for
the business level internet but then you
could have a cable modem that has data
caps and limitations like normal comp
cap customer comcast customers have you
could have satellite internet that's hit
or miss depending on the [ __ ] weather
you could have a dial-up connection you
could have like a million internet
connections that are all of variable
quality so you can't depend on internet
connection to be stable to have Google
stadia or other cloud services to work
right now so because of that no cloud
gaming is not possible could it be
possible one day 10 15 years down the
line yes I'll give you a comparison when
the Xbox one was debuting at e3 Don
Mattrick who's now infamous is one of
the worst guys ever when it came to what
he did to the Xbox one launch basically
said to everyone we're not doing
physical disks it's gonna be all digital
all right and
you're not if you buy the physical disk
you're not gonna be able to lend it to
your friend it's all you need internet
connection no matter what at that point
everyone destroyed him and said boy
you're off base or whatever five six
seven years later now everything's
digital
so the Internet has progressed we've
gotten to the point where everything's
like that and now Don Mattrick if he
said that in 2020 maybe we wouldn't
really be making fun of him as much we
just had a reveal of the PlayStation 5
where there's a version that doesn't
have a disk drive it's all digital are
we making fun of Sony of course not but
we're seven years later a lot of the
times these things are way ahead of the
curve when when they they well excuse me
they're way ahead of their time when
they're announced cloud gaming today is
Joe cloud gaming in seven to ten years
maybe viable and then we don't need you
know everything's in the cloud right I
guess we'll see um Brian does the final
Twitter question from Brian he says if
prices weren't so inflated what retro
console would you want to collect for
and why um actually for me
it's a not a situation of being inflated
it's a situation of the viability of the
console the Dreamcast the Dreamcast
console was was so good at its time it
had really good ports of fighting games
arcade style games like Crazy Taxi Power
Stone um the Dreamcast was in a crazy
good console but it died because of
piracy piracy alone killed the console
and it only lasted a couple years before
it became obsolete
um I would love to get it dreamed of
working Dreamcast with a bunch of
Dreamcast games and find a way to
capture and play them but guess what the
Dreamcast itself sadly was a console
that regularly burned out I know because
I own like a ridiculous amount of them I
owned I think like six of them over the
course of me trying to run tournaments
for more vs. Capcom 2 I had a Japanese
import Dreamcast I had a modded
Dreamcast I had a standard American
Dreamcast I had a Dreamcast that had a
red shell that had was painted a weird
way like I had I think I want to say
four to five Dreamcast's over the over
you know maybe a Spanish 70 years um
because they all died the problem is the
motor inside would break or the the the
the laser would [ __ ] off
regularly and don't even get me started
on the memory card because the memory
card was a little Tomodachi thing right
instead of being a standard memory card
it was actually like a virtual pet and
if the battery died in those things and
you tried to reboot it like you'd lose
data you lose all your same data so it
was like really a console that was
[ __ ] up to try to maintain the
long-term um so I would love to get like
a Dreamcast with a bunch of the top
level Dreamcast games and find a way to
capture from it I know that you could
actually do like at that point where
like VGA out obviously no one can
capture from VGA so you have to find a
way to convert the signal to like a UH
HDMI signal I guess we'd have to see but
that would be me that would be the one
that I would want all right um Carlton
jr. cheered he says I've always found it
weird you didn't like Dragonball
fighters for its constant rush down
gameplay but you like Marvel's Capcom -
I'm well aware there's owners in that
game but the majority of it is rushed
out it's a more unbalanced game um in
reality more where's Capcom to high
level gameplay is primarily rushed down
but they're ours that like cable
Sentinel is a hybrid um storm can be
played as a hybrid um and there are
keep-away characters in the game that
are very viable as well dr. doom
Blackheart they're not top tier but
there's still playable characters and
getting the scheme of things
um Dragonball Fighters is like 100% rush
down at least from when I was playing I
played it for two three months by the
time that I stopped playing it was like
everyone was in your face constantly
finding a way to hit you with an assist
so you were locked in place and then
they would do a crossover and that was
that you had to either block or die it
was this brush rush rush rush rush and I
don't like that style of gameplay I like
variety super turbo my favorite fighting
game of all time there's definitely rush
down characters like Vega Balrog they're
in your face constantly attacking the
[ __ ] out of you then you've got Zoners
like dhalsim or saga' then you've got
hybrids you've got grapplers and all of
those styles of gameplay are viable
Dragonball Fighters is brush brush brush
brush brush brush brush flashy flashy
flashy I was very disappointed because
when it came out at first I felt like
maybe there would be Zoners with beerus
and characters like that the game is
just rushing down and to me I lose I
lose
whose I lose the fun factor from it when
you reach that point that's the same
thing with Marvel's Capcom 3 the game
started off with a variety of gameplay
and everyone trying to play it
differently and then when I got the top
level gameplay it was just 1 million
percent rush down and I did you know I
lost my interest in the game because of
it so that's why Alice Telemann series I
see a growing amount of reports tink
console gaming will have 4k 60 frames
per second with the PS 5 reasonable or
[ __ ] every time they claim such
stats it disappoints ice I will always
remain a skeptic at this point because
they told us this console generation was
gonna be full 1080p full 60 frames blow
your mind away games and all the games
coming out aren't aren't that we just
play blast was part 2 30 frames per
second so you know I don't believe it I
just don't believe it I'm sorry alright
so guys this is pretty much it um for
ask the King I'm gonna open up the
stream chat for a few minutes to QA if
anyone has any additional questions they
would like to ask and then we're gonna a
jerk alright
Derek there's not a single game in 2020
I've played that's a game of the Year
contender for me I'm serious because he
just said what would be your favorite uh
what would be your favorite year or your
favorite game of the year I don't even
know I would have literally have to sit
down and compare this game to this game
to this game to this game to this game
to this game and figure it out and you
know I don't even know game stands out
for me in my head well Gary to the Horde
of its year basically calling me out for
very disgusting sexual comments I made
about iJustine in 2017 asking me that I
ever apologize to my knowledge I have
I've said I [ __ ] up I shouldn't have
said that it was a messed up comment
that I made during typing it wasn't me
saying something on a stream but it was
actually we were watching III 20:17
together in my stream chat I said
something very messed up about iJustine
I shouldn't have said and I don't know
why you know the only thing I can think
of trying to judge not really justify
but but figure out why would I said I
was I was really messed up at that point
if you take a look at that time frame um
I I you know just broken up out of a
long-standing relationship my future as
a content creator was at stake I was
living alone I was very depressed at
that time and I was just doing stupid
[ __ ] lashing out people for no [ __ ]
reason and there was absolutely no
reason for me to say what I said and I
am really sorry that I said it because I
never ever should have made a comment
like that there you go Canadian doink
subscribe for 26 months and says good
[ __ ]
okay Thank You Canadian doing for the
ongoing support
sit know that 100 cheers is would you
replay remedy control or quantum break
so you mean eating between those two oh
wait he said did you play remedies
control or quantum break I played the
boat full playthroughs up on DSP gaming
you can watch right now I play both
games Alice Telemann cheers do you think
there will be a time you'll be able to
stream at 4k or 60 frames evolution of
bandwidth the movie in future rule
changes on Twitch in reality that's a
major limitation right now it's twitch I
can't even consider upgrading because
twitch only lets me stream in 6,500
kilobits per second the rules still say
that's the limit I'm sure there's big
twitch streamers out there that do more
than that I can't like I could right now
I could if they would let me stream at
like 9000 kilobits per second I could do
1080p 60 frames but 4k you're talking
you'd have to double triple the amount
of a bit rate that they allow you know
there's no way I could do it at 4k it's
impossible Carlton junior choose a heavy
rain Detroit or Indigo Prophecy
um out of those three for a first-time
experience of playing the games heavy
rain that was a really cool
murder-mystery it was a really cool
ongoing murder mystery where it was a
whodunit you didn't know who had done it
you were trying to piece the clues
together every time you played it Indigo
Prophecy was a fun game but it was just
[ __ ] weird the plot was just out
there right Detroit's a great game as
well I really like Detroit but I think
that the story of heavy rains the best
out of the three and since those are
narrative based games that's my pick no
I've never played any dot hack games
Twitter questions I forgot what are you
talking about I just did Twitter
questions we're done with the Twitter
questions the ones that I selected I
don't answer every single Twitter
question
I picked the ones that I feel I have
something you know important to say like
Derrick is saying he had a question on
Twitter but I don't really have a good
answer for it so that's why I didn't
select that question for the show you
know well I'd be allowing music during
the Tony Hawk streams I mean if I do I
might get shut off that shut down for
twitch cuz even twitch has issue with
with licensed music now so I don't know
what to do if I play this Tony Hawk
collection I really don't what I ever
consider checking out bug Feebles the
everlasting sapling if people thought it
was a good game and they nominated I
voted for it sure during the Caviar's
choice but I'm not gonna play that on my
own I don't know what it is
actually I don't know sakuya monster
says do you feel the implementation of
progressive and ltb LGBT issues and last
of us to actually held it back from what
it was trying to do for me it didn't I
don't give a [ __ ] that Elly was a
lesbian I don't care that there was a
character that felt that they were out
of place being their own gender and they
cut their hair and tried to change their
appearance to look like a different
gender you know I don't care that Abby
had insane amount of treats that were
very masculine you know I don't care
about any of that I've never cared about
that Shane that's not a factor at all
for enjoyment factor of a game for me um
are there people out there who are
bigoted idiots who probably didn't like
the game because that stuff absolutely
was that the mainstream reason that I
feel most people disliked the game no I
think people actually have very valid
reasons for disliking the game and
what's sadly what's happened is the
defense crew for last of us part two has
tried to spin every issue that
legitimately people have with the game
and turn it into all people just don't
like games where girls are the main
characters people who can't handle the
game with LGBT it's like that's not the
issue that you literally created a straw
man as the issue with the game when in
reality people are all coming out and
saying we have issue with the plot for
these reasons and you ignore those
reasons and instead you say oh it's just
because it's LGBTQ is why people don't
like it that's not the case
Dirac yes I remember playing Doritos
crash course with John and the reason we
played it is because it was a free game
and we were looking for something co-op
to do because back then we didn't coop
end and it was just something different
you know
why don't I play the Street Fighter
collection if I get mad at it every time
that I play um well because I love
classic street fighting and my opinion
is this if I have to put up with bad
netcode terrible matchmaking bad Lobby
system in order to at least get a few
matches every week of a good old-school
Street Fighter I'll put up with it
because I don't want to forget that
awesome time in my life when I was
playing those games competitively and I
loved those games all right not alpha-3
you Fighter Alpha 3 man but third strike
as well as super fighter 2 turbo I love
those games I really do I love those
games and I would play inferior versions
over never playing them ever again well
let's see here
Jiri the 100 series is well trolling
community around you no doubt affect
your opportunity as far as sponsorships
go do you not believe calling a game dev
a [ __ ] as part of your criticism
of games also plays into that first of
all there's no way to know there's no
way to know that if for example I'm
gonna play Assassin's Creed and I'm
gonna get a sponsored stream on Twitch
and I play it and I do my stream how do
I know if that game dev or someone who
worked on that game found a moment when
years ago during an older Assassin's
Creed playthrough I said something
over-the-top like that and they have
issue with that and that's why you know
a company might not want to work with me
I can tell you this that's not what
happened both in the cases the two spots
extremes I've done on Twitch in both
cases the trolls went and harassed the
[ __ ] out of those companies online those
companies then went behind the scenes
and talked to twitch and said make sure
fil doesnt do sponsor stuff anymore
because we don't want the bad publicity
on on social media because of me it had
nothing to do with me my behavior or
anything I did it in the in the actual
sponsorship opportunity whatsoever it
was 100% to actions of trolls that cost
me those sponsorship opportunities now
obviously I have a 12 year body of work
and as I already said on the stream
there's many things I've done over the
years that I am ashamed of that I've
apologized for I wish I didn't do and
you can't take back because out there
public and people who documented it or
whatever right but I'm still allowed to
be on YouTube I'm still allowed to be on
Twitch
I have changed dramatically over the
last several years and there's plenty of
content creators out there who've done
terrible things in the past and they get
sponsorship opportunities in the present
and I don't it's not because of what
I've done that I don't get sponsorship
opportunities it is 100 percent the
[ __ ] up people on the internet who
ruin them for me okay
and you could choose to disagree with
that but that's just facts okay Carlton
Junior cheese is what does sonic have to
do to finally complete compete with
Mario I have no idea Alice tell Avant
series does have you ever been even near
a hurricane or experienced one from a
safe distance I've been in them we
usually get hurricanes all the time on
the East Coast where I live
I've been in the eye of a hurricane it
could be pretty scary okay
alright ladies and gentlemen I that's
gonna be it for today's ask the King
three hours of Q&A fun I hope you guys
enjoyed it thanks for watching whether
you were live on stream or you were
watching on demand on YouTube thanks to
those who supported and got us to the
tips goal
what's appreciate it now the next
episode is going to be early September I
believe I set up for September 10 it's
gonna be highly depend on if you guys
post up questions I'm just being honest
this episode was tough to get through
because I had to really scrounge around
for questions um the more questions you
submit the better the threat is already
up over on the King Hakam
for you guys to post up your questions
and K in fact I usually put it in the
description of these videos on YouTube
where you can just go and post up your
next question so please do so if you
want to see the show continue please
post up questions alright thank you very
much again for an awesome ask the King I
appreciate all of your input and support
until next time peace out everybody see
you later